    "Oh god, hotdog burger man, take me to the drive-in and prove you love me."
    "How about that shooting in Oregon. Hilarious!"
    "I couldn't give a shit about your stupid little projects."
    "Get fucked."
    "I would rather overdose on heroin."
    "She was less interested in a clear container full of my dead skin flakes than the advertising had led me to believe."
    "I have seen things today that make me ashamed."
    "No one likes you, Badger."
    "I would rather have the shit beaten out of me by Rolf Harris during the fire bombing of Dresden."
    "Until I puke on a beanbag you can't say a goddamn thing."
    "Look, I stabbed a few jerks. I'm not ashamed of it, but I didn't start it."
    "It's a shitty, horrible little dog. I hope it dies."
    "This one's going to be Sascha. She's got feline AIDS."
    "Why does he get a cool nickname? You can't just do that. Fuck it, now I'm The Blade. Is that how this works?"
    "Ron Swanson would beat the shit out of me, with good cause."
    "I mean, he's got tattoos of a flag all over himself, so he must be a patriot."
    "That gets him in to my pants; not my heart."
    "I dislike Fat Yak on principle. Their marketing campaign offended me. Who sexualises Yaks?"
    "UXDI books for the library? What about 'Common Sense: Is It For You?'"
    "I assumed her feet would be freakishly huge."
    "Owned."
    "I was a lot happier when I was never born."
    "She used the word 'liable'. A lot."
    "You can all get fucked."
    "He's more ape than man."
    "Oh, look at Mr. Boat shoes over here."
    "If anyone disagrees, I'll be outside. Lets have a bit of a biffo."
    "I'm not comfortable with you looking at me."
    "I think he broke a little boys legs with a candy cane"
    "But here's the thing: I don't care."
    "Please kill me."
    "No, really. Get fucked."
    "I'm not crying, I just have sweaty eyes."
    "I’d like to see a monkey knife fight"
    "It will be easier if I don't hate you."
    "Sometimes during the course i will say 'now i am going to kill you'."
    "It's just gonna be text everywhere"
    "If you disagree, lets go outside. I think I can take you."
    "Men do have their own special event, it's called ALL OF HUMAN HISTORY."
    "Something died in me last night."
    "I think it's just the competing constraints in this class: the impossible balance, keeping the old hands and the n00bz happy"
    I think ultimately I want no one to be happy."
    "the sad truth is it doesn't actually matter who any of you are"
    "The database lives inside the elephant."
    "If I had a hand grenade on my chest, I would have pulled the pin."
    "They can't tell me off, they're not MY parents."
    "Future Joel has so much shit coming his way. He can deal with it when he's in jail."
    "So I think its fair to say that yes, he definitely beats women to death with his bare hands any chance he gets."
    "I’m not his ‘fuq bouy'."
    "THE AUTISM IS REAL."
    "Savage, like a garden."
    "He's just... a greasy human being."
    "You’re all just dead human skin factories."
    "Can I just be clear: none of you are important enough to influence my day one way or the other."
    "My dad is dead so he probably won’t answer, but..."
    "Well I want it on the record that you can get fucked, mate."
    "Fuck me softly with a chainsaw."
    "What beautiful piercing unblinking lizard eyes."
    "HAIL SATAN!"
    "I’m wearing magic mormon underwear."
    "My buttocks are covered in tiny cuts."
    "DON'T FUCKING TOUCH ME."
    "During the car demo I’m not yelling out 'drive it into the crowd in france!'"
    "Well that’s what hitler said, isn’t it? 'I’m just doing a web version of invading poland, then I’m doing the react native version'."
    "When we get to the headland -- after you dig your own grave, I’ll kill you."
    "Here are the messages I wish to send: 'no', 'no', 'no', 'no way', 'get fucked','no' and 'thanks'."
    "How would you like to contract a bad viral infection?"
    "I wonder if he smashed a brick in a cop's face. That would have been great to see"
    "I felt your boobs. That was really awkward."
    "Damned Somali pirates cut into his territory."
    "You can learn a valuable lesson here: People are idiots."